Hello everyone.
Welcome back to the specialization
on the Internet of things.
So far we have looked at
circuit switch networks for
voice calls, and
packet switch networks for data.
In this module we will look at computer
telephony integration that gave birth to
a powerful network compromising
heterogeneous devices and services.
In this context the computer stem cells
had an interesting run during this period,
the 60s and 70s,
from main computers to mini computers
to micro computers and the PCs.
This is a different story and we may get
back to it in future but I just wanted to
print your notice, this really fascinating
book that I read in college on
two different teams within a company
building mini-computer architectures.
Those were the days when I didn't
have a TV in each room, so
I would read a lot more.
Fascinating book.
And the remainder of the course, we will
focus on the telephone side of the story,
and how the computers and
telephone are integrated.